feat(utility): added eventGuard utility for custom Events (#4574)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/twelve-taxis-visit.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
---

> Implemented eventGuard to ensure postToggle events are only handled when originating from the expected element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implemented an event-guard utility to ensure our custom events are only handled when originating from the expected element.
```
